---
title: 'Get Started'
metaTitle: 'Get started with Prisma'
metaDescription: 'Build data-driven applications with ease using Prisma ORM, add connection pooling or global caching with Prisma Accelerate.'
hide_title: true
tocDepth: 1
sidebar_position: 0
sidebar_class_name: firstTitle
pagination_next: 'getting-started/quickstart-sqlite'
---

Bolt,
BorderBox,
BoxTitle,
Inspect,
Database,
Grid,
LinkCard,
List,
SignalStream,
PrismaPostgres,
SquareLogo,
} from '@site/src/components/GettingStarted';

<!-- BorderBox -->

<!-- BoxTitle -->Get started

Welcome 👋

Explore our products that make it easy to build and scale data-driven applications:

[**<!-- Database -->Prisma ORM**](/orm/overview/introduction/what-is-prisma) is a next-generation Node.js and TypeScript ORM that unlocks a new level of developer experience when working with databases thanks to its intuitive data model, automated migrations, type-safety & auto-completion.

[**<!-- PrismaPostgres -->Prisma Postgres**](/postgres) is a managed PostgreSQL service that gives you an _always-on_ database with _pay-as-you-go_ pricing.

[**<!-- Inspect -->Prisma Optimize**](/optimize/) helps you analyze queries, generate insights, and provides recommendations to make your database queries faster.

[**<!-- Bolt -->Prisma Accelerate**](/accelerate) is a global database cache with scalable connection pooling to make your queries fast.

## <!-- Database --> Prisma ORM

Add Prisma ORM to your application in a few minutes to start modeling your data, run schema migrations and query your database.

### The easiest way to get started with Prisma

_Explore all Prisma products at once._

  <!-- LinkCard -->

### Explore quickly with a SQLite database

_These options don't require you to have your own database running._

<!-- Grid -->
  <!-- LinkCard -->
  <!-- LinkCard -->

### Choose an option to get started with your own database

_Select one of these options if you want to connect Prisma ORM to your own database._

<!-- TabbedContent -->
  <!-- TabItem -->

    <!-- p -->
      Set up Prisma ORM <!-- b -->from scratch with your favorite database and
      learn basic workflows like data modeling, querying, and migrations.

    <!-- List -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->

  <!-- TabItem -->

    <!-- p -->
      Get started with Prisma ORM and your <!-- b -->existing database by
      introspecting your database schema and learn how to query your database.

    <!-- List -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->
      <!-- SquareLogo -->

## <!-- Bolt --> Prisma Accelerate

Make your database queries faster by scaling your database connections and caching database results at the edge with Prisma Accelerate.

<!-- Grid -->
  <!-- LinkCard -->
  <!-- LinkCard -->

<!-- br -->
<!-- LinkCard -->

## <!-- Inspect --> Prisma Optimize

Make your database queries faster by using the insights and recommendations generated by Prisma Optimize.

<!-- Grid -->
  <!-- LinkCard -->
  <!-- LinkCard -->
